this profit line reviews I am Optimus
Prime and I send this message to all of
you who are going to park on 2012 in
Dallas Texas vote for John Bailey's fan
Film Festival video because I hear that
guy's pretty awesome Autobots transform
an aura welcome back to another
transformers chips day isn't that
magnificent
yes I know it's Nemesis Prime and yes I
know he's evil but boy what you go black
you don't go back am i right for love
seriously look at look at how amazing
this is just reminds me of the
instruction of the good ol days the over
tires ram although they could have hurt
me to say that Dodge Ram
it's RAM tough it's Ram truck month
still pretty awesome you can open up the
hood and see the engine although it's a
little roomy right here there's a big
hole here that's what she said no that's
not what it looks like it's way bigger
what up bevel says the weapon you simply
fold it twist and fold and there you go
not exactly the same as my original
weapon but what you're going to do it
also has opening doors it has adjustable
seats the steering wheel works
Tarver rotate side to side you pull open
the doors and slide them out water
blaster was a fairly good villain until
he took it off his prime to the knee and
here he is an all has amazing glory yes
I know I should hate him but he's just
so dang handsome especially considering
these it is of a con but Wow if
motormaster of this code I wouldn't have
picked his disciplic on but I'm just
saying for articulation he's fairly
limited his head will rotate all the way
around as well as slightly go up and
down it will not rotate at the elbow but
he will rotate at the upper bicep so
it's the same thing is it double jointed
elbow he will rotate in and out he bends
all the way down will not rotate at the
forearm this one has a three finger
joint and a index finger to internal
rotate at the wrist as well as move
around slightly he will rotate up a
waist not much for I have articulation
he will bend at the upper thigh he will
rotate at the upper thigh
he will not bend at the knee because he
doesn't have a league he does have ankle
slight Pinkle articulation depending on
the transformation
and pickle pivot yes he does look
amazing because he looks just like a
black version of me
here he is alongside regular version me
and as you can see they're pretty much
built exactly the same except that I am
always more awesome compared to side to
side but still for a black version he is
very very amazing and special thanks to
a fellow prime Sharma's prime for making
this awesome video possible but when it
comes down to it you just can't beat the
classics in third singles or average the
ins of gonna get off my child